I would like to express my growing gratitude
the spread of the government or the safety of border foot deeds
is with regard to the like and despise of the general public,
I am very glad to this day knowing the working hard cooperation of the people of the river.
But I think we are determined to get through many hardships
for the sake of peace and objective.
Therefore, the advance of the whole army…
...will lead decades' troops
We are determined to never stop fighting against the enemy, even if we have to fight against the navy.
We sincerely ask that you continue to support us in the future.
All of us would like to inform all troops that we will be appearing frequently.
Here, I would like to represent the North and the South and also very marks sake.